Plugin restart replay collection update (#234)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/session-replay/sdks/plugin.md

Call `amplitude.remove('sessionReplayTracking')` before a user navigates to a restricted area of your site to disable replay collection while the user is in that area. 

> To restart replay collection, call `amplitude.add('sessionReplayTracking')` re-add the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restart replay collection, call `amplitude.add('sessionReplayTracking')` to re-add the plugin.
```

> To restart replay collection, simply re-add the plugin when ready: 'amplitude.add(sessionReplayTracking)'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restart replay collection, call `amplitude.add('sessionReplayTracking')` re-add the plugin.
```

Author: it's confusing but when adding a plugin we don't need the quotes - it's only necessary to wrap quotes when removing the plugin. not sure why that is 

also noticed the revision is missing "to" before "re-add..."
